c:\Users\hzguest3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WEB.API\Service\bin\Debug\Service.dll.config
c:\Users\hzguest3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WEB.API\Service\bin\Debug\Service.dll
c:\Users\hzguest3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WEB.API\Service\bin\Debug\Service.pdb
c:\Users\hzguest3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WEB.API\Service\bin\Debug\Autofac.dll
c:\Users\hzguest3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WEB.API\Service\bin\Debug\Autofac.Integration.Mvc.dll
c:\Users\hzguest3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WEB.API\Service\bin\Debug\Autofac.Integration.WebApi.dll
c:\Users\hzguest3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WEB.API\Service\bin\Debug\Entity.dll
c:\Users\hzguest3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WEB.API\Service\bin\Debug\IRepository.cs.dll
c:\Users\hzguest3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WEB.API\Service\bin\Debug\IService.dll
c:\Users\hzguest3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WEB.API\Service\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\Users\hzguest3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WEB.API\Service\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\Users\hzguest3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WEB.API\Service\bin\Debug\RabbitMQ.Client.dll
c:\Users\hzguest3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WEB.API\Service\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\Users\hzguest3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WEB.API\Service\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\Users\hzguest3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WEB.API\Service\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\Users\hzguest3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WEB.API\Service\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\Users\hzguest3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WEB.API\Service\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\Users\hzguest3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WEB.API\Service\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\Users\hzguest3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WEB.API\Service\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\Users\hzguest3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WEB.API\Service\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\Users\hzguest3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WEB.API\Service\bin\Debug\Util.dll
c:\Users\hzguest3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WEB.API\Service\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\Users\hzguest3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WEB.API\Service\bin\Debug\AutoMapper.dll
c:\Users\hzguest3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WEB.API\Service\bin\Debug\Entity.pdb
c:\Users\hzguest3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WEB.API\Service\bin\Debug\IRepository.cs.pdb
c:\Users\hzguest3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WEB.API\Service\bin\Debug\IService.pdb
c:\Users\hzguest3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WEB.API\Service\bin\Debug\Util.pdb
c:\Users\hzguest3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WEB.API\Service\bin\Debug\Autofac.xml
c:\Users\hzguest3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WEB.API\Service\bin\Debug\Autofac.Integration.Mvc.xml
c:\Users\hzguest3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WEB.API\Service\bin\Debug\Autofac.Integration.WebApi.xml
c:\Users\hzguest3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WEB.API\Service\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\Users\hzguest3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WEB.API\Service\bin\Debug\RabbitMQ.Client.xml
c:\Users\hzguest3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WEB.API\Service\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\Users\hzguest3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WEB.API\Service\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\Users\hzguest3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WEB.API\Service\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\Users\hzguest3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WEB.API\Service\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\Users\hzguest3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WEB.API\Service\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\Users\hzguest3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WEB.API\Service\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\Users\hzguest3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WEB.API\Service\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\Users\hzguest3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WEB.API\Service\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\Users\hzguest3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WEB.API\Service\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\Users\hzguest3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WEB.API\Service\bin\Debug\AutoMapper.xml
c:\Users\hzguest3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WEB.API\Service\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\EntityFramework.resources.dll
c:\Users\hzguest3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WEB.API\Service\obj\Debug\Service.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\hzguest3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WEB.API\Service\obj\Debug\Service.dll
c:\Users\hzguest3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WEB.API\Service\obj\Debug\Service.pdb
