c:\Users\hzguest3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WEB.API\Repository\obj\Release\Repository.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\hzguest3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WEB.API\Repository\bin\Release\Repository.dll.config
c:\Users\hzguest3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WEB.API\Repository\bin\Release\Repository.dll
c:\Users\hzguest3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WEB.API\Repository\bin\Release\Repository.pdb
c:\Users\hzguest3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WEB.API\Repository\bin\Release\Entity.dll
c:\Users\hzguest3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WEB.API\Repository\bin\Release\EntityFramework.dll
c:\Users\hzguest3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WEB.API\Repository\bin\Release\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\Users\hzguest3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WEB.API\Repository\bin\Release\Entity.pdb
c:\Users\hzguest3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WEB.API\Repository\bin\Release\EntityFramework.xml
c:\Users\hzguest3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WEB.API\Repository\bin\Release\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\Users\hzguest3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WEB.API\Repository\bin\Release\zh-Hans\EntityFramework.resources.dll
c:\Users\hzguest3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WEB.API\Repository\bin\Release\zh-Hans\EntityFramework.SqlServer.resources.dll
c:\Users\hzguest3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WEB.API\Repository\obj\Release\Repository.dll
c:\Users\hzguest3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WEB.API\Repository\obj\Release\Repository.pdb
c:\Users\hzguest3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WEB.API\Repository\bin\Release\MongoDB.Bson.dll
c:\Users\hzguest3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WEB.API\Repository\bin\Release\MongoDB.Driver.Core.dll
c:\Users\hzguest3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WEB.API\Repository\bin\Release\MongoDB.Driver.dll
c:\Users\hzguest3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WEB.API\Repository\bin\Release\System.Runtime.InteropServices.RuntimeInformation.dll
c:\Users\hzguest3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WEB.API\Repository\bin\Release\MongoDB.Bson.xml
c:\Users\hzguest3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WEB.API\Repository\bin\Release\MongoDB.Driver.xml
c:\Users\hzguest3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WEB.API\Repository\bin\Release\MongoDB.Driver.Core.xml
c:\Users\hzguest3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WEB.API\Repository\bin\Release\Autofac.dll
c:\Users\hzguest3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WEB.API\Repository\bin\Release\Autofac.Integration.Mvc.dll
c:\Users\hzguest3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WEB.API\Repository\bin\Release\Autofac.Integration.WebApi.dll
c:\Users\hzguest3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WEB.API\Repository\bin\Release\IRepository.cs.dll
c:\Users\hzguest3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WEB.API\Repository\bin\Release\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\Users\hzguest3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WEB.API\Repository\bin\Release\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\Users\hzguest3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WEB.API\Repository\bin\Release\ServiceStack.Common.dll
c:\Users\hzguest3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WEB.API\Repository\bin\Release\ServiceStack.Interfaces.dll
c:\Users\hzguest3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WEB.API\Repository\bin\Release\ServiceStack.Redis.dll
c:\Users\hzguest3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WEB.API\Repository\bin\Release\ServiceStack.Text.dll
c:\Users\hzguest3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WEB.API\Repository\bin\Release\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\Users\hzguest3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WEB.API\Repository\bin\Release\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\Users\hzguest3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WEB.API\Repository\bin\Release\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\Users\hzguest3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WEB.API\Repository\bin\Release\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\Users\hzguest3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WEB.API\Repository\bin\Release\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\Users\hzguest3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WEB.API\Repository\bin\Release\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\Users\hzguest3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WEB.API\Repository\bin\Release\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\Users\hzguest3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WEB.API\Repository\bin\Release\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\Users\hzguest3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WEB.API\Repository\bin\Release\IRepository.cs.pdb
c:\Users\hzguest3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WEB.API\Repository\bin\Release\Autofac.xml
c:\Users\hzguest3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WEB.API\Repository\bin\Release\Autofac.Integration.Mvc.xml
c:\Users\hzguest3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WEB.API\Repository\bin\Release\Autofac.Integration.WebApi.xml
c:\Users\hzguest3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WEB.API\Repository\bin\Release\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\Users\hzguest3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WEB.API\Repository\bin\Release\ServiceStack.Common.xml
c:\Users\hzguest3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WEB.API\Repository\bin\Release\ServiceStack.Interfaces.xml
c:\Users\hzguest3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WEB.API\Repository\bin\Release\ServiceStack.Redis.xml
c:\Users\hzguest3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WEB.API\Repository\bin\Release\ServiceStack.Text.xml
c:\Users\hzguest3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WEB.API\Repository\bin\Release\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\Users\hzguest3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WEB.API\Repository\bin\Release\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\Users\hzguest3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WEB.API\Repository\bin\Release\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\Users\hzguest3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WEB.API\Repository\bin\Release\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\Users\hzguest3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WEB.API\Repository\bin\Release\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\Users\hzguest3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WEB.API\Repository\bin\Release\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\Users\hzguest3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WEB.API\Repository\bin\Release\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\Users\hzguest3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WEB.API\Repository\bin\Release\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
