c:\Users\hzguest3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WEB.API\Repository\bin\Debug\Repository.dll.config
c:\Users\hzguest3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WEB.API\Repository\bin\Debug\Repository.dll
c:\Users\hzguest3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WEB.API\Repository\bin\Debug\Repository.pdb
c:\Users\hzguest3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WEB.API\Repository\bin\Debug\Autofac.dll
c:\Users\hzguest3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WEB.API\Repository\bin\Debug\Autofac.Integration.Mvc.dll
c:\Users\hzguest3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WEB.API\Repository\bin\Debug\Autofac.Integration.WebApi.dll
c:\Users\hzguest3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WEB.API\Repository\bin\Debug\Entity.dll
c:\Users\hzguest3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WEB.API\Repository\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\Users\hzguest3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WEB.API\Repository\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\Users\hzguest3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WEB.API\Repository\bin\Debug\IRepository.cs.dll
c:\Users\hzguest3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WEB.API\Repository\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\Users\hzguest3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WEB.API\Repository\bin\Debug\MongoDB.Bson.dll
c:\Users\hzguest3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WEB.API\Repository\bin\Debug\MongoDB.Driver.Core.dll
c:\Users\hzguest3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WEB.API\Repository\bin\Debug\MongoDB.Driver.dll
c:\Users\hzguest3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WEB.API\Repository\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\Users\hzguest3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WEB.API\Repository\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.Common.dll
c:\Users\hzguest3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WEB.API\Repository\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.Interfaces.dll
c:\Users\hzguest3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WEB.API\Repository\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.Redis.dll
c:\Users\hzguest3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WEB.API\Repository\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.Text.dll
c:\Users\hzguest3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WEB.API\Repository\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\Users\hzguest3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WEB.API\Repository\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.InteropServices.RuntimeInformation.dll
c:\Users\hzguest3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WEB.API\Repository\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\Users\hzguest3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WEB.API\Repository\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\Users\hzguest3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WEB.API\Repository\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\Users\hzguest3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WEB.API\Repository\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\Users\hzguest3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WEB.API\Repository\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\Users\hzguest3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WEB.API\Repository\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\Users\hzguest3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WEB.API\Repository\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\Users\hzguest3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WEB.API\Repository\bin\Debug\Entity.pdb
c:\Users\hzguest3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WEB.API\Repository\bin\Debug\IRepository.cs.pdb
c:\Users\hzguest3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WEB.API\Repository\bin\Debug\Autofac.xml
c:\Users\hzguest3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WEB.API\Repository\bin\Debug\Autofac.Integration.Mvc.xml
c:\Users\hzguest3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WEB.API\Repository\bin\Debug\Autofac.Integration.WebApi.xml
c:\Users\hzguest3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WEB.API\Repository\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\Users\hzguest3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WEB.API\Repository\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\Users\hzguest3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WEB.API\Repository\bin\Debug\MongoDB.Bson.xml
c:\Users\hzguest3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WEB.API\Repository\bin\Debug\MongoDB.Driver.xml
c:\Users\hzguest3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WEB.API\Repository\bin\Debug\MongoDB.Driver.Core.xml
c:\Users\hzguest3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WEB.API\Repository\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\Users\hzguest3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WEB.API\Repository\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.Common.xml
c:\Users\hzguest3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WEB.API\Repository\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.Interfaces.xml
c:\Users\hzguest3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WEB.API\Repository\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.Redis.xml
c:\Users\hzguest3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WEB.API\Repository\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.Text.xml
c:\Users\hzguest3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WEB.API\Repository\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\Users\hzguest3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WEB.API\Repository\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\Users\hzguest3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WEB.API\Repository\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\Users\hzguest3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WEB.API\Repository\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\Users\hzguest3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WEB.API\Repository\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\Users\hzguest3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WEB.API\Repository\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\Users\hzguest3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WEB.API\Repository\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\Users\hzguest3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WEB.API\Repository\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\Users\hzguest3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WEB.API\Repository\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\EntityFramework.resources.dll
c:\Users\hzguest3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WEB.API\Repository\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\EntityFramework.SqlServer.resources.dll
c:\Users\hzguest3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WEB.API\Repository\obj\Debug\Repository.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\hzguest3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WEB.API\Repository\obj\Debug\Repository.dll
c:\Users\hzguest3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WEB.API\Repository\obj\Debug\Repository.pdb
C:\Users\hzguest3\Documents\Project\Web.Api4GIT\Web.Api\Repository\bin\Debug\Repository.dll.config
C:\Users\hzguest3\Documents\Project\Web.Api4GIT\Web.Api\Repository\bin\Debug\Repository.dll
C:\Users\hzguest3\Documents\Project\Web.Api4GIT\Web.Api\Repository\bin\Debug\Repository.pdb
C:\Users\hzguest3\Documents\Project\Web.Api4GIT\Web.Api\Repository\bin\Debug\Autofac.dll
C:\Users\hzguest3\Documents\Project\Web.Api4GIT\Web.Api\Repository\bin\Debug\Autofac.Integration.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\hzguest3\Documents\Project\Web.Api4GIT\Web.Api\Repository\bin\Debug\Autofac.Integration.WebApi.dll
C:\Users\hzguest3\Documents\Project\Web.Api4GIT\Web.Api\Repository\bin\Debug\Entity.dll
C:\Users\hzguest3\Documents\Project\Web.Api4GIT\Web.Api\Repository\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\hzguest3\Documents\Project\Web.Api4GIT\Web.Api\Repository\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\hzguest3\Documents\Project\Web.Api4GIT\Web.Api\Repository\bin\Debug\IRepository.dll
C:\Users\hzguest3\Documents\Project\Web.Api4GIT\Web.Api\Repository\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\hzguest3\Documents\Project\Web.Api4GIT\Web.Api\Repository\bin\Debug\MongoDB.Bson.dll
C:\Users\hzguest3\Documents\Project\Web.Api4GIT\Web.Api\Repository\bin\Debug\MongoDB.Driver.Core.dll
C:\Users\hzguest3\Documents\Project\Web.Api4GIT\Web.Api\Repository\bin\Debug\MongoDB.Driver.dll
C:\Users\hzguest3\Documents\Project\Web.Api4GIT\Web.Api\Repository\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\hzguest3\Documents\Project\Web.Api4GIT\Web.Api\Repository\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.Common.dll
C:\Users\hzguest3\Documents\Project\Web.Api4GIT\Web.Api\Repository\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.Interfaces.dll
C:\Users\hzguest3\Documents\Project\Web.Api4GIT\Web.Api\Repository\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.Redis.dll
C:\Users\hzguest3\Documents\Project\Web.Api4GIT\Web.Api\Repository\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.Text.dll
C:\Users\hzguest3\Documents\Project\Web.Api4GIT\Web.Api\Repository\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\hzguest3\Documents\Project\Web.Api4GIT\Web.Api\Repository\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.InteropServices.RuntimeInformation.dll
C:\Users\hzguest3\Documents\Project\Web.Api4GIT\Web.Api\Repository\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\hzguest3\Documents\Project\Web.Api4GIT\Web.Api\Repository\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\hzguest3\Documents\Project\Web.Api4GIT\Web.Api\Repository\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\hzguest3\Documents\Project\Web.Api4GIT\Web.Api\Repository\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\hzguest3\Documents\Project\Web.Api4GIT\Web.Api\Repository\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\hzguest3\Documents\Project\Web.Api4GIT\Web.Api\Repository\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\hzguest3\Documents\Project\Web.Api4GIT\Web.Api\Repository\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\hzguest3\Documents\Project\Web.Api4GIT\Web.Api\Repository\bin\Debug\Entity.pdb
C:\Users\hzguest3\Documents\Project\Web.Api4GIT\Web.Api\Repository\bin\Debug\IRepository.pdb
C:\Users\hzguest3\Documents\Project\Web.Api4GIT\Web.Api\Repository\bin\Debug\Autofac.xml
C:\Users\hzguest3\Documents\Project\Web.Api4GIT\Web.Api\Repository\bin\Debug\Autofac.Integration.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\hzguest3\Documents\Project\Web.Api4GIT\Web.Api\Repository\bin\Debug\Autofac.Integration.WebApi.xml
C:\Users\hzguest3\Documents\Project\Web.Api4GIT\Web.Api\Repository\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\hzguest3\Documents\Project\Web.Api4GIT\Web.Api\Repository\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\hzguest3\Documents\Project\Web.Api4GIT\Web.Api\Repository\bin\Debug\MongoDB.Bson.xml
C:\Users\hzguest3\Documents\Project\Web.Api4GIT\Web.Api\Repository\bin\Debug\MongoDB.Driver.xml
C:\Users\hzguest3\Documents\Project\Web.Api4GIT\Web.Api\Repository\bin\Debug\MongoDB.Driver.Core.xml
C:\Users\hzguest3\Documents\Project\Web.Api4GIT\Web.Api\Repository\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\hzguest3\Documents\Project\Web.Api4GIT\Web.Api\Repository\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.Common.xml
C:\Users\hzguest3\Documents\Project\Web.Api4GIT\Web.Api\Repository\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.Interfaces.xml
C:\Users\hzguest3\Documents\Project\Web.Api4GIT\Web.Api\Repository\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.Redis.xml
C:\Users\hzguest3\Documents\Project\Web.Api4GIT\Web.Api\Repository\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.Text.xml
C:\Users\hzguest3\Documents\Project\Web.Api4GIT\Web.Api\Repository\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\hzguest3\Documents\Project\Web.Api4GIT\Web.Api\Repository\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\hzguest3\Documents\Project\Web.Api4GIT\Web.Api\Repository\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\hzguest3\Documents\Project\Web.Api4GIT\Web.Api\Repository\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\hzguest3\Documents\Project\Web.Api4GIT\Web.Api\Repository\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\hzguest3\Documents\Project\Web.Api4GIT\Web.Api\Repository\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\hzguest3\Documents\Project\Web.Api4GIT\Web.Api\Repository\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\hzguest3\Documents\Project\Web.Api4GIT\Web.Api\Repository\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\hzguest3\Documents\Project\Web.Api4GIT\Web.Api\Repository\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\EntityFramework.resources.dll
C:\Users\hzguest3\Documents\Project\Web.Api4GIT\Web.Api\Repository\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\EntityFramework.SqlServer.resources.dll
C:\Users\hzguest3\Documents\Project\Web.Api4GIT\Web.Api\Repository\obj\Debug\Repository.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\hzguest3\Documents\Project\Web.Api4GIT\Web.Api\Repository\obj\Debug\Repository.dll
C:\Users\hzguest3\Documents\Project\Web.Api4GIT\Web.Api\Repository\obj\Debug\Repository.pdb
